Add new UBI8 builder reference (#907)
paketo-buildpacks/paketo-website: content/docs/reference/builders-reference.md

| Buildpackless Jammy Base Builder | Ubuntu 22.04         | No buildpacks included. Compatible with the same buildpacks as the Jammy Base Builder.               | `paketobuildpacks/builder-jammy-buildpackless-base`         | https://github.com/paketo-buildpacks/builder-jammy-buildpackless-base |
| Jammy Tiny Builder               | Ubuntu 22.04, scratch | Consists of buildpacks to build most Go and Java GraalVM Native Image apps.                          | `paketobuildpacks/builder-jammy-tiny`         |  https://github.com/paketo-buildpacks/builder-jammy-tiny                                        |
| Buildpackless Jammy Tiny Builder | Ubuntu 22.04, scratch | No buildpacks included. Compatible with the same buildpacks as the Jammy Tiny Builder.               | `paketobuildpacks/builder-jammy-buildpackless-tiny`         | https://github.com/paketo-buildpacks/builder-jammy-buildpackless-tiny |
| UBI8 Builder                     | RHEL 8               | Java, Node.js buildpacks and extensions to install rpms.                                             | `paketobuildpacks/builder-ubi8-base`         | https://github.com/paketo-buildpacks/builder-ubi8-base         |

> 

Reviewer: Can you also add the https://github.com/paketo-buildpacks/builder-ubi8-buildpackless-base

| Jammy Base Builder               | Ubuntu 22.04          | Java, Node.js, Go, Python, .NET Core, Ruby, and NGINX buildpacks without common C libraries.        | `paketobuildpacks/builder-jammy-base`               | https://github.com/paketo-buildpacks/builder-jammy-base               |
| Buildpackless Jammy Base Builder | Ubuntu 22.04          | No buildpacks included. Compatible with the same buildpacks as the Jammy Base Builder.              | `paketobuildpacks/builder-jammy-buildpackless-base` | https://github.com/paketo-buildpacks/builder-jammy-buildpackless-base |
| Jammy Tiny Builder               | Ubuntu 22.04, scratch | Consists of buildpacks to build most Go and Java GraalVM Native Image apps.                         | `paketobuildpacks/builder-jammy-tiny`               | https://github.com/paketo-buildpacks/builder-jammy-tiny               |
| Buildpackless Jammy Tiny Builder | Ubuntu 22.04, scratch | No buildpacks included. Compatible with the same buildpacks as the Jammy Tiny Builder.              | `paketobuildpacks/builder-jammy-buildpackless-tiny` | https://github.com/paketo-buildpacks/builder-jammy-buildpackless-tiny |

> | UBI8 Builder                     | RHEL 8                | Java, Node.js buildpacks and extensions to install rpm.                                             | `paketobuildpacks/builder-ubi8-base`                | https://github.com/paketo-buildpacks/builder-ubi8-base                |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| UBI8 Builder                     | RHEL 8                | Java, Node.js buildpacks and extensions to install java or Node.js from  rpms.                                             | `paketobuildpacks/builder-ubi8-base`                | https://github.com/paketo-buildpacks/builder-ubi8-base                |
```

Author: Approved
